{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx-160\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8820\pardeftab720\li-160\fi-380\ri720\qj
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 (1) The proposed algorithm is extremely simple. It can be coded literally in 100 lines. Hence, I strongly encourage you to develop your own version. In this way, you can have a deep understanding of how this algorithm works. \
(2) Try TestMe.m first to see if the algorithm works in your computer;\
\pard\tx-160\tx8820\pardeftab720\li-160\fi-380\ri80\qj
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 (3) When applying the algorithm to your problem, please monitor the learning progress curve. If the algorithm does not converge, use a larger kernel width (please refer to the paper for details). Please do not compare a divergent result with those from other algorithms. The comparison is not fair. \
(4) The proposed algorithm can be used for classification. I do not include this function in the package. If you need it, please let me know. The algorithm is not sensitive for parameters, as shown in the paper. However, to optimize its performance, you can estimate the parameters through cross validation. Since the algorithm runs extremely fast, it is not a big deal to estimate the parameters. \
\pard\tx-160\tx8820\pardeftab720\li-160\fi-380\ri720\qj
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 (5) If you have any question and comments, please feel free to send me emails: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sunyijun@biotech.ufl.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 sunyijun@biotech.ufl.edu}}. \
(6) More information can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://plaza.ufl.edu/sunyijun/PAMI2.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://plaza.ufl.edu/sunyijun/PAMI2.htm}}.\
(7) Citation: Y. Sun, S. Todorovic, and S. Goodison, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://plaza.ufl.edu/sunyijun/PAMI2.htm"}}{\fldrslt Local Learning Based Feature Selection for High Dimensional Data Analysis}}, 
\i IEEE Trans. on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence
\i0 , vol. 32, no. 9, pp. 1610-1626, 2010. \
}